Al: Hello, farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season.
Al: My name is Al.
Codey: My name is Cody.
Al: And we're here today to talk about cottage card games.
Codey: Oh, woo.
Codey: I don't know if you heard the dogs barking.
Al: I did not.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Do you know, I was, it's funny, Cody.
Al: So, um, this episode we're talking about the farmer was replaced, which is about automating a farm and uh, we were talking about AI before the episode recording.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: We sure were.
Al: It's just a funny, that was not where my brain was.
Al: My brain wasn't AI because of this.
Al: It was just an interesting interest.
Codey: Right.
Codey: My brain, I forgot we were recording today.
Codey: I thought we were recording.
Codey: Actually, I don't even know what I thought we were.
Codey: I think I knew that we were recording today.
Codey: My brain, it just, that information had not entered my brain.
Codey: Um, but until I...
Al: So when you got my message, you were like, ah, recording today.
Codey: Well, no, so I had I had gotten like a notification before that that was like, hey, you're going to be recording in an hour and I was like, oh.
Al: Ah.
Codey: Oh.
Codey: Um, and then.
Al: Is the problem?
Al: Is the problem that we've gone quite a few weeks without it and then we're doing 2 weeks in a row?
Al: So you were thinking about next...
Codey: Well, so I think it was just that I for, because yeah, I've been out of it for a bit.
Codey: Like I've been focussed on other things.
Codey: My best friend just visited, blah, blah, blah.
Codey: Um, and I'm kind of just now joining, rejoining the world of day-to-day, like, things happen and are scheduled.
Codey: Um, but also I thought we were doing a different game today.
Codey: So I forgot that we even played this game.
Al: You did play it though.
Codey: I did.
Al: Good.
Codey: Um, so yeah, that's fine.
Al: Oopsie.
Codey: That's fine.
Al: We're doing the other game next week.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Correct.
Codey: Um, I do.
Al: All right.
Al: Woo.
Codey: yeah.
Codey: So we're talking about the farmer's replace today.
Codey: Very excited about that.
Al: Uh, great.
Al: We're gonna, yeah, we're gonna talk about that.
Al: We got a bunch of game news before that, Cody.
Al: What have you been up to?
Codey: I have been, uh, chilling.
Codey: My, like I just mentioned, my best friend was visiting, so that was really nice.
Codey: She my best friend from Oregon.
Codey: We've been friends for like over a decade now.
Codey: It's nuts.
Codey: Um, and she flew into my area and we just like went on a bunch of adventures.
Codey: And she and I bond a lot over books.
Codey: So we went to a lot of bookstores and I now have a lot of books.
Codey: I mean, I always have a lot of books.
Al: Hmm.
Codey: My tubi red pile is like huge, but um, I now have like more that I want to read.
Codey: So I've been reading more, which is lovely.
Codey: Um, I've been trying to scroll less on my phone, uh, finding myself in the doom cycle.
Codey: I was just listening to a podcast today and someone just referred to uh, doing phone.
Al: Hmm.
Codey: Like, because sometimes you'll just pick up your phone and do phone for like half hour and then you're like, what was I just doing?
Codey: Like where did that half hour go?
Codey: So I'm trying to do that less, which is nice.
Codey: Um, and that has included reading, but also uh, some games.
Codey: So I'm still playing House Slipper 2 with my best friend Devin.
Codey: Um, Slay the Spire 2, uh, with my roommate and my husband.
Codey: And then, uh, I've been, I picked up Outbound, which came out this week, which is the Van Life game.
Codey: And I am enjoying it.
Codey: That is what I will say.
Codey: Um, yeah.
Al: Nice.
Codey: So that's kind of what I've been up to.
Codey: What about you, Al?
Al: Well, I've also been playing outbound, picked up.
Al: Coincidence or not, maybe you'll find out next week.
Al: Obviously, I've also been playing the farmer was replaced, and we'll have a lot to talk about that later on, and I have finished Little Rocket Lab.
Al: So that was good.
Codey: How how was that?
Al: Did you listen to last week's episode?
Codey: I did not, but I saw something on the Slack, and I didn't know if you were going to mention that you really liked it, and might have been emotional.
Al: Is good.
Al: Yeah, it's good.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Al: Well, so I think I did, I did, I don't know whether I explicitly said it or not, but I did certainly imply that there were some emotions through the game and yeah, the, the, there was another point when I was playing through that, that, that got me and made me feel some some emotions uh as I was playing that game.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: It's really good.
Codey: Where do...
Codey: Where do you put those emotions on a spirit fairer scale?
Al: Uh, it's not as, it's, it's not as rip your heart out as the Spirit Fader, but, like, it's still related to death in a way, but not the same sort of thing, right?
Codey: Okay.
Al: Like, um, there's, I, I, I don't know if anything will get as close as, as, as, uh, I don't know if anything will ever hit the peak of like taking your dementia riddled friend to the death gate and seeing her reawaken just as she goes through.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Yep.
Al: I don't think anything will ever get quite as emotional as that.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Uh, But, um, It was certainly, it was, it was pretty high.
Codey: That, yeah.
Al: I, I, I, I, it stuck the landing.
Codey: Okay.
Al: I'll put it that way.
Codey: That's good.
Al: It was really good.
Al: It was done really well.
Al: The story is really nicely spread throughout the game.
Al: And I thought it was really well done.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: The gameplay kind of just continues to be the same and enjoyable.
Al: And by the time it was finished, I was like, yeah, okay, cool.
Al: I'm content
Al: I'm good to finish this and let it go.
Codey: Nice, that's good.
Al: There wasn't really any post game.
Al: mainly because I'd done all of the things as I was going on, so there wasn't really anything to do, but I'm okay with that because I got my, what, 15 hours out of it and it was an enjoyable experience and I'm done now.
Codey: Mm.
Al: I could see how some people would just like put so much time into trying to make the most efficient system making all of the items all at the same time or something.
Codey: Yay, that's good.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Not me.
Al: I have other games to play because we're talking about the farmer was replaced this week and another game next week.
Codey: Yeah, no.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Mm-hmm, Mm-hmm.
Al: So can't be doing all the same things.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Uh, yeah, okay, cool.
Al: Should we talk about some news?
Al: First up, you can tell that Kudi has not really been aware of the show notes until I know where to go because there's no comments here.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: They're not riddled with purple texted comments.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: No, I will, uh, I did look through them, but I will, uh, in real time respond.
Al: That's kind of how a podcast works.
Codey: No, I normally, I like to prepare.
Codey: It's the autistic part of me that doesn't want an un, like rehearsed social situation.
Codey: Um, but no, I'm feeling, I'm just feeling more like relaxed these days, so it's fine because defence and having that like off of my back.
Codey: So.
Codey: Oh.
Al: Bitter Harvest releases on the 22nd of May.
Al: That is on Friday.
Al: So this is the like there's a murderer, I think.
Al: Oh no, this is not, it's not, there's not the murderer.
Codey: What?
Codey: No, it's not.
Al: This is the one where you're... Shut up.
Al: Like, it's called Bitter Harvest.
Al: does sound like that one.
Al: There's a few of them that have been like that.
Al: No, this is the, uh, the one the one with moral conundrums and you can...
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah, that basically, uh, uh, farming life's him about ambition, reinvention, and quiet revenge, and that you basically,
Al: Oh yes, that's what it was.
Al: The revenge.
Codey: You basically come up to your place.
Codey: There was like a farm that you were promised and you get there and someone else is working the farm.
Codey: And the, I love the picture of it because it shows someone farming and then there's a character in the foreground that's holding garbage bags in like fists and they're just like clearly grumpy. Um, because it says that the 1st thing that you, uh, the 1st job that you take up is the town's garbage collector.
Codey: Um, piecing together a new life from what others throw away.
Codey: Um, I, so a word from the, I'm just going to read this because I love this word from the developer.
Codey: Bitter Harvest started his game about starting over from nothing, but it quickly became about power, resentment, and what people are willing to justify when they feel wronged.
Codey: I wanted the game to feel calm on the surface, but slowly revealing the consequences of the players' choices as they climb higher.
Codey: Uh, I'm in.
Codey: I love games like this that like make you feel a thing.
Codey: Um, I'm trying to figure out, is it only?
Al: I think so.
Codey: Ugh, okay.
Codey: Um, yeah, it's coming out on steam on the 22nd.
Codey: Um, and it's, uh, so Jeff got one and I could probably use his and play it.
Al: Don't you ever seen daycare?
Al: Um, yeah, sounds like you have a steam deck then.
Codey: Yeah, it's fine.
Codey: I'll probably make him make him get it for me.
Codey: Um, and then he'll have to share his steam deck with me and he can cry me a river.
Codey: Married life.
Codey: Yeah, I'm really excited about that.
Codey: Um, choose whether to rise honestly, manipulate others or something in between.
Codey: How do you feel about this game?
Codey: Because I feel like you've been wanting to break people up in games for a really, really long time.
Al: Yeah, I think it depends on where it goes, how far it goes.
Al: Um, uh, I mean, I'm certainly intrigued because it takes the like standard background to a farming game and goes, oh, wait, no.
Codey: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: And that in and of itself is an interesting thing because that's such a rare thing in farming games where it's not just like, oh, here's a farm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So, um, I am very interested.
Al: I don't know.
Al: I haven't planned out the next few weeks in terms of my gaming time because I'm coming into a complicated time.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Um, uh, so I don't know when I'll be able to play it, but I think I would like to play it.
Al: So I guess we'll see.
Al: We'll see how me and...
Codey: I don't like that.
Al: Odd fauna, secret of the terror beast, have announced that their early access comes out on the 2nd of June.
Al: They've said they've shifted their launch date to the 2nd of June.
Al: I don't remember them announcing a previous release date.
Al: Which would require me going back in their news.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah, I don't.
Al: Oh, here we go.
Al: The 13th of May was apparently when it was meant to come out.
Al: So they've pushed it back.
Codey: That's fine.
Codey: Um, I really like how this game looks and I love the angry snail.
Al: Hmm.
Al: Yes, I agree.
Codey: Um, he's just so grumpy.
Codey: And I love it.
Codey: Um, yeah, it's a cute, cute game.
Codey: Very interesting, very unique art style for sure.
Codey: it's giving where the wild things are.
Al: Yeah, kind of fabricy.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: Oh, you're on the back of something.
Codey: Your world is on the back of something.
Al: Yeah, the terror beast.
Codey: You're so right.
Codey: That's what it's called.
Codey: You're right, you're right.
Al: Come on, Cody, lock in.
Codey: You're right.
Codey: Um, yeah, early access.
Codey: I'm this is something we could maybe talk about at another time, but I'm getting really bitter about early accents.
Al: I feel like it's something we talked about many a time.
Codey: I think I've, I think I've finally hit a point because like I think I've talked to y'all about how you guys feel about early access, but I'm hitting a point where I myself am also like, this is stupid.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: So.
Al: Yeah, I, I, I, yeah.
Al: It's difficult because it's not like, I understand the positives of it, but it also, as with everything just ends up the scale, just can always end up in a ridiculous degree, right?
Al: That's always the problem.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: But uh, looking forward to hearing more about this game.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Woo.
Al: Next up, Snack Torio.
Al: So this is the Factorio-esque game from Elle, the developer of Ethico.
Codey: And my, And mud, and mud born.
Al: I was like B game.
Al: And Mudborn, yeah.
Codey: Um.
Al: Um, which maybe someone we'll talk about in the podcast sometime.
Codey: Yeah, that'd be cool.
Codey: Um.
Codey: I, so I haven't really like looked at this in a while.
Codey: Uh, but I love how this looks.
Codey: And then the trail, the official release date trailer that Elle put together is hilarious.
Al: Yeah, I didn't actually say the news, did I?
Codey: Um...
Al: I just said Snack Torio, which is the game.
Al: Yeah, it comes on the 4th of June.
Al: There you go.
Al: the news.
Al: Continue.
Codey: Yeah, uh, it's also available on Apple, which I'm super excited about.
Codey: Um, because I will get it.
Codey: But in the trailer, it's basically like showing the game, it's, so it's got like terraria style, like world exploration, like it's a side scrolling like thing, like terraria instead of being like a top down.
Al: Yes.
Codey: It's like a side side side.
Codey: Um, but... side side, but it's... It's not top down.
Al: I know I know what you mean.
Al: I know what you mean.
Codey: It's side side.
Al: Ladies, 8080.
Codey: It's crab, crab game.
Codey: Um, crab style.
Codey: And, uh, but it's like shows, everything's just, everything gets comebacks to crumbs.
Al: Everything's crabs.
Al: Even games, apparently.
Codey: Um, you basically, like, our building, uh, like you grow food, and then you cook the food, and it's just like all quiet and quaint, and then it just says feed, and it, like, gets really like ominous.
Codey: And then it's just like, grow.
Al: Hmm.
Codey: Or I guess it says build, build, cook, feed.
Codey: It's basically all about like having to feed these beasts that, honestly, some of them kind of look like elder horrors.
Codey: I don't know exactly or if we'll get more detail about them, but very cute.
Codey: Um, I will get more when I play the game.
Al: I mean, you might get more if you play the...
Codey: Not might and if, like, will and and when.
Codey: Um, yeah, super excited about that.
Codey: Uh, looks cute.
Codey: Highly recommend checking out the trailer, the trailer and the updated demo.
Al: All right.
Al: Harvest Moon, Echos of Tradia.
Al: Have announced that they're releasing on the 24th of September.
Al: And the full list of platforms we now have.
Al: Switch one and 2 PS5 and Xbox series X and S.
Al: The Switch Physical Switch cartridge is one of the Switch 2 editions, which comes with the Switch one version and the upgrade.
Al: So you can buy the same game and
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: I'm glad, so when I looked at the article because it's all all about Nintendo and how it's coming to Switch 2.
Codey: Um, and how it's going to be the 1st Harvestman game on the Switch 2, that's like for the Switch 2,
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I didn't realise it's also on Xbox.
Codey: So I'm kind of excited now because this game looks, it looks interesting.
Codey: Uh, it's giving, like, because it's open world exploration.
Codey: It kind of looks like this is something I might want to play.
Codey: Is that a clouded leopard?
Codey: Wait a minute.
Codey: That is a leopard.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Um, in this game.
Codey: I need more answers.
Codey: But I...
Al: Yeah, so my, my, I, I worry that this is more like Winds of Anthos, which is the game I wasn't a huge fan of rather than...
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But, I mean, obviously, I'm gonna, I'm gonna...
Codey: Uh, depending on if it's on Game Pass.
Codey: I might play it as well.
Codey: The September is kind of far out there.
Al: Hmm.
Codey: I don't know what I'm going to be doing in September, so.
Codey: I don't even know what I'll be doing next month.
Codey: So we shall see.
Al: I haven't seen anything about it.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: I mean, I am also in a better financial situation now so I could just buy it if I wanted, but I don't know.
Codey: We will find out to be determined.
Al: It looks like none of the Harvest Moon games are on Game Pass, so I'm guessing probably.
Codey: Mm.
Codey: Okay, good to know.
Codey: good to know.
Al: Next up, Cosmic Coop have released their museum update.
Al: Can you guess what's in this update?
Codey: I think it is a, uh, chicken factory that turns chicken.
Al: Correct, a museum.
Al: You can now donate, visit to the museum.
Al: You can now visit the museum and start filling it with collectables that are currently 73 collectables to donate and complete.
Al: There you go.
Codey: I would love to know.
Codey: Oh, he also, the developer also asks, would you like me to add an achievement for donating the collectables to the museum?
Codey: That is a silly question.
Codey: The answer is yes.
Codey: Um, and I would like to see what kind of stuff, like an example of what could go into this.
Al: Well, I see a dinosaur skull, so I'm guessing there's fossils and I see more fossils.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I don't know.
Al: It does look like it's mostly kind of like fossils from what I see on the front of it.
Al: Like I'm not seeing.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I'm not seeing any live animals, which is different from many, but an interesting a good.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Well, I guess museums, now that I'm thinking about it, museums don't usually have an aquarium and an insectarium attach them.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: It's like got to be, it's going to be like specimens, but...
Al: Well.
Al: Well, so here's an interesting thing.
Al: I found out recently that the National Museum of Scotland used to have massive fish tanks in its entrance area.
Al: It does not anymore, but in the 90s it had these massive fish tanks with...
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: That would be cool.
Codey: I recently went to the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh, and one of my friends works there, uh, in the invertebrate zoology division, and I got to go back, and then I found out not only does she work there, she curates it.
Codey: I was like, oh, I didn't realise.
Codey: And she gave us like a tour of the back and it was really cool.
Codey: We got to see the 1st succession log and the 1st thing that was ever donated there in like the late 1700s or whatever, were 2 Egyptian mummies by Andrew Carnegie himself.
Codey: And then like 3 or 4 lines later.
Codey: It was like, Miss Estelle from Williamsport, Pennsylvania, donated a salamander, and it was really cute to like just see, like, I don't know, because I've never really thought of like individuals, like, like a normal citizen, like donating to the museum.
Al: Hmm.
Codey: Like, would you donate something to your local museum?
Al: Don't think I would have anything of interest.
Codey: But like, how do you know it's it's not of interest?
Al: That's a good question.
Codey: Like, what if you were, so like, what if you were to find a really cool, like, rock or bug or something?
Codey: And if you don't know, I don't, so that's the thing.
Codey: I think a lot of people are really detached from these things and you can just be like, this is neat.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Do you do we have one of these?
Al: I guess the problem is, right?
Al: Like we have, we are now living in a time where people have been finding and putting things in museums for 100s of years now.
Al: And I feel like there was a time where it was like, if you found something, it was probably new, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Because people weren't really looking for things at that point.
Al: And then so people started looking for things and we're like, hey, this seems cool.
Al: People were like, yeah, that's cool.
Al: But like if I go outside and I find a rock.
Al: It's probably a rock people already know about.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: I will tell you uh, not always the case with bugs.
Codey: So, I feel like there's this sense of wonder that people had about like discovery and how you could just pick something up in your backyard and it could be something that has not been recorded before.
Codey: That is likely true for insects or for insect interactions.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: So if you go outside and see like a leaf mine or a gall or something, that might be something that is novel to science.
Codey: So recapture that wonder, you guys.
Codey: Um, anyway, all of this to say, uh, cosmic coupe should have more than just fossils because, uh, history and and interesting things exist in the real, not just in the past.
Al: Hello, Katie Island Adventure.
Al: I have announced their under the sea celebration is now live.
Codey: Yep, you go under the water
Al: As you do, which you could already do, but I guess now you're fishing for treasures.
Codey: Oh.
Codey: Could you be a mermaid?
Al: I don't know that.
Al: I never finished the game.
Al: But I knew I did get to the point where you could dive underwater.
Al: But I don't know if you could actively...
Codey: Because I'm seeing Hello Kitty has a mermaid tale here.
Al: It does say new mermaid outfits, which inspiration for new mermaid outfits, which implies there were...
Codey: But were they functional?
Codey: I don't know.
Codey: Uh.
Al: What is he, functional, mermaid?
Codey: Well, so like, is it just like a fun mermaid tale like fabric thing or is it actually like something that you could use that could function as a mermaid's tale?
Codey: Like, have you seen those people that pretend to be mermaids that like, uh,
Al: You mean does it change how you navigate underwater?
Codey: Well, no, because some of them are just like, if it's just like cotton.
Codey: But like if you knit one, it would look cute.
Codey: Like you would look like a mermaid, but you would not be able to do mermaid things, right?
Codey: Like it's just fabric that's going to weigh you down and probably kill you.
Codey: But some people have made these like tails that are actually functional that you can actually like use your legs and it propels you.
Codey: Um,
Al: Yeah, so that, yes, that's what I mean.
Al: So like if, are you asking, does the memory tale change how you swim?
Codey: In the game, yes.
Al: Yeah, I don't.
Codey: Sorry.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Let us know, listeners.
Al: I can't even remember.
Al: It's possible that you can only dive with a mermaid tail.
Al: I can't remember.
Al: I don't think that was the case, but it's been several years since I played it.
Al: So I cannot remember.
Al: It's like how, you know, in Animal Crossing, you had to put on.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: as possible.
Codey: Which I thought was silly, but then after having been in the ocean multiple times, uh, wetsuit preferred you guys, that.
Al: I think it depends probably on where you are in the world.
Codey: Well, but like it's also just like this, the, the, the salt water feels weird.
Codey: It makes it feel weird, you know?
Al: That's the autism.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: I saw barracuda, though.
Codey: That was cool.
Codey: When I went, uh, whatever, that snorkelling in Florida.
Al: Ooh, scary.
Al: They're they're scary.
Codey: They, I mean, it's pretty tiny.
Codey: They're a lot smaller than you'd think, or at least the ones that I saw.
Codey: We're smaller than, like they wouldn't come after us.
Codey: They would just be coming after like fish.
Al: I thought pirates.
Codey: But, I mean, if you're a fish, yes.
Al: I've never seen one.
Codey: Um, it probably wasn't was only like, I'm trying to convert to metric in my mind, like half a metre.
Codey: No, less than that, like a 3rd of a metre.
Al: Oh, goodness, I was, ooh, okay.
Codey: And it wasn't that thick.
Codey: Big in many teeth, many sharp teeth, but again, not gonna attack us.
Al: Big teeth.
Codey: No point.
Al: Fair enough.
Al: I had just heard stuff about Barker just being scary.
Al: That was all.
Al: If that is...
Codey: They are definitely scary.
Codey: They are some of the best, they're very effective as hunters, but um, I guess it's just like being, well, no.
Codey: I was going to say it's like, it's like snorkelling and having a shark near you.
Codey: Like, you're not really that scared of it.
Al: Yeah, that's, no, where?
Codey: But I think people are genuinely scared.
Al: Yeah, I think I think that's a bad example.
Codey: Because I was just like, oh, that's cool.
Codey: Look at the barracuda and I was trying to get like Jeff to come look at it, but what if it was something?
Al: It's like walking through the forest and seeing someone with a knife, you know, you're not going to be scared there because they're not going to kill you probably.
Codey: No, they're just trying to cut a rope off of a tree or something.
Codey: They're just trying to live.
Al: still going to be scared.
Al: I'm still going to be scared.
Al: I'm scared walking through the forest wind.
Al: No one there in the dark.
Codey: No, I love walking through the forest when there's no one there.
Al: Not in the dark, in the light, yeah.
Codey: It's great
Codey: I've done it in the dark before.
Codey: It's fine.
Al: I mean, I've done it in the dark as well and I've not died yet, but that doesn't mean it's not scary.
Codey: Do you guys have like anything that could hurt you on your island?
Codey: Okay.
Al: So I believe there is one poisonous snake.
Al: Venomous snake, sorry.
Codey: Then, thank you.
Al: I got there before you corrected me.
Codey: Venimus.
Codey: Yeah, you did.
Codey: You did.
Codey: Props to you.
Codey: But like how venomous?
Codey: Like is it?
Al: Not very.
Al: It's a viper.
Codey: Uh, vipers can be some more, some pretty venom, much venom.
Al: It's not the sort of it's not bad enough that like I have ever heard of anybody ever anything.
Al: Like even it's like I have seen one in real life slithering very, very fast through the grass.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Al: But like I have never heard of anybody even like, you know, not even being close to being bitten by one.
Codey: They would do that, yeah.
Al: Like, they seem to be get far away from humans as quickly as possible.
Codey: I mean, that's...
Codey: That's true of most snakes.
Al: Right.
Codey: Like, I think when I'm hiking and there's like rattlesnakes and people are really scared, I'm like, they don't care about you, dude.
Codey: Like, just keep going.
Codey: They rattle to let you know they're there so you can be like, oh, I'm sorry, ma'am.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Like, go on with your day.
Al: Yeah, honestly, if every dangerous animal made a noise to tell you they're there, I'd be okay with that.
Al: Like, yes, please.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: I think one exception is the fertilance.
Codey: When I was in Costa Rica.
Codey: They are known to, like, chase people.
Codey: Um, but the one that I almost stepped on was just napping.
Codey: She was a good girl.
Al: Oh.
Al: Okay.
Codey: If you want photos here, I'll post photos of the fertile answer.
Al: Uh, so yeah, I think I.
Codey: I almost stepped on. and that's what you should look at, look for in the, in the slack this week, you guys.
Al: So I think I think probably the Viper is the most the wildlife in Scotland that would is the only one that would be of any chance of hurting you realistically.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: You'll be.
Al: I mean, you've got like wildcats and stuff like that, but they're, they're not big.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I could punch one.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Cool, yeah.
Al: Although we're, you know, there's there's discussion about reintroducing wolves.
Al: So there's that as well.
Codey: Hmm, I have thoughts about that.
Al: That's a whole other discussion.
Codey: Yeah, I don't know.
Codey: I don't know how much we want to go deep in these weeds.
Codey: We didn't we haven't talked about critter crops yet.
Al: Gritter crops have announced that they're rewriting the whole game.
Codey: Don't skip.
Codey: Yep.
Al: I mean, that's basically it.
Al: It's a very long post about how disappointed they are in the version they released and blah, blah, blah, blah, and they have learned a lot and are going to redo it all from scratch, basically.
Al: And that will happen before the Switch version.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: What are your thoughts on that?
Al: Which bit?
Al: The rewriting it or...?
Codey: Yeah, like how do you feel like that is effective?
Al: Well, so I I can't comment on the specifics, right?
Al: Because I don't know what the code looks like behind the scenes.
Al: I think it is up to...
Al: is too far gone, which does happen sometimes, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Like I have been on projects where you're completely rewriting something from scratch because to get it to a decent standard would take far more work than just rewriting everything.
Al: Um, and if that's the case here, then that's fine.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I mean, the thing is that we do, we do learn as we do things, right?
Al: Like I've talked before about how there are things you can do as you're going that makes life easier for you in the long run.
Al: Like, for example, adding in controller support and rebinding or keys right from the very start, and that means every time you add a feature, you're automatically adding that. And that is so much easier than coming to a game that doesn't have controller support, doesn't have key remapping, and you have to add it in everywhere, that if anything else, if not, if nothing else is just going to be weeks and weeks of the exact same thing, which is just demoralising, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Um, whereas if you build it from the start, every feature you do a tiny little bit of that work and it means that the game always has that support.
Al: And yeah, the start of it is difficult then because you've got a few, you've got a bunch of different things that you're adding in that you're not seeing anything from, but you know that as soon as you start implementing features you're going to use those and it's great.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: And sometimes it's hard to know what those things are as you go on, right?
Al: Like when I started as a software developer, you go like, oh, yeah, yeah, well, you know, obviously we add tests, but like you think of it as like adding tests at the end rather than as you go.
Al: And then as you become more experienced, you learn.
Al: No, no, you got to add tests as you go because otherwise you're trying to test things that you wrote 6 months ago.
Al: You can't remember it, right?
Al: Like, that's not how it works.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So there's lots of things like that.
Al: And, you know, the one that, you know, the 2 the 2 big ones for software development in my view would be like accessibility, making sure that you put in things like screen reading technologies and stuff like that into it from the start, make sure that everything is, you know, fitting the standards that screen readers deal with and all that as you go rather than trying to go back and fix it all at the same time. And the other one that I forgot that was in my head, it's gone.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Anyway, the point is, there's things like that.
Al: And if you get to the point where you have like a large number of them that you've not done and you have learnt about how to structure your code better, and all of these things together means that it's too much to deal with and it's overwhelming, actually scrapping everything and starting again, when you know what the functionality is to be, rewriting that functionality over again, can...
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Mm.
Codey: I wonder, like, because there's been times, you know, when I was 1st 1st doing specimens, for example, I look back at some of my 1st, the 1st things I pinned or, or mounted or whatever, and I cringe, like if there's awful, but I can't, you can't go back and redo that.
Al: Hmm.
Codey: Or like some of them, I want to redo the labels because the labels I made were huge.
Codey: They were like a whole 8 point font.
Codey: Like you need like 4 point font for insect labels.
Codey: And so they were, they ended up being huge.
Codey: And I want to go back and remake all of those because I could, but it's like, is it worth that or should you just move on with your life?
Codey: you know?
Al: Yeah.
Codey: And I'm, I guess like that, I'm wondering about that for this, because she's the, I say she, I don't know.
Codey: The developers, um, sounds like they're holding off on... releasing it on Switch for now, and then they're going in a completely new vision, so this is what they say.
Codey: completely new visual direction, rebuilt character art and animation pipelines, improved systems and gameplay foundations, and a much more polished and scalable structure overall.
Codey: Like, if it was just something like fixing some backend code, I would think that would be, I mean, I guess the quote unquote, is it worth it? is up to the person to decide.
Codey: And if the developer does feel like it's worth it for them to do this entire overhaul, then more power to them.
Codey: But I'm just like, I'm wondering how much time that's gonna take.
Codey: And if it's, I guess this is a whole other philosophical question that could be had about like remaking or revamping games over and over and over again.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: And like, at what point do you need to not be a perfectionist and just like acknowledge that we grow and we learn and things get better and we move forward with our lives?
Codey: But I think, I think a part of that, that I'm not, that I might not be considering in this, in this, uh, rant here is that I think we're, we're the players really upset and disappointed in the game as well.
Codey: Like, Okay.
Al: It had mixed reviews.
Codey: Yeah, so maybe that's something that they have to answer, the developer has to answer not only to themselves, but they want to make a better game for the people that supported them, which would make sense.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Again, it's completely up to them.
Codey: There's just the part of me that when I see something like this, I'm like,
Codey: Um, but do you need to do that though?
Codey: Like,
Al: Yeah, that's fair.
Al: I guess it's a difficult decision, right?
Al: Do you, if a game has not been success.
Al: Is that not success because the game has fundamental problems that you need to fix or is it because people just don't want it?
Al: And redoing it is not going to fix the 2nd problem, which I don't know the answer to that.
Codey: Or like,
Codey: Yeah, or like another thing I've been thinking is lately is like, would people give it a 2nd chance?
Codey: Like if you were to play a game and be disappointed in how it was?
Codey: But then you heard that it had an overhaul, like how likely are you to go back and try it again?
Al: Yeah, yeah, especially as it's been nearly 2 years since release.
Al: We've talked about this before.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Like, if you miss a game.
Al: It's really hard to go back and try it.
Al: And if you try a game and it's not what you hoped, are you going to go back?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Realistically, what, 5 years later?
Al: Because, like, it's obviously not going to be done this year. It is obviously not going to be done next year, right?
Codey: Um, my goal is to have the store back online around Memorial Day.
Al: If they're just starting it.
Codey: Oh, that's their merch store.
Codey: Sorry.
Al: That's not.
Al: If they're if they're just starting the rewrite now.
Codey: Just kidding, just kidding.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And they're not just completely rewriting it, they're changing things as well.
Al: That's going to be at least 2 years.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Surely.
Codey: I'm not seeing a date or anything.
Al: No, because that would be silly too.
Codey: Yeah, you're right.
Al: The only thing a date would tell us is that it's not coming out on that date, right?
Codey: Um.
Al: Anyway, it's a difficult one and I understand the want to do that and also it's a big thing and who knows whether it'll be...
Codey: Mhm.
Al: Because this is the thing.
Al: I mean, is that the most painful thing if you redo everything and you make it better and it still isn't successful?
Codey: Yeah, I guess that is dependent on the developer and how what their goal is from this, is it that they're trying to recapture success that they had envisioned or is it that they want to be more proud of what was created.
Codey: Um, yeah.
Al: Or to have the money that you could do that.
Al: Just be like, I just, I want to spend years redoing this, not for financial game, but because I,
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I don't think most people...
Codey: Yeah, sorry, I'm very philosophical tonight, and I don't or today, and I'm not entirely sure why, because I'm like, I'm on another, like, mental tangent now, but about something else, but it's not related.
Codey: So we...
Al: Haunted chocolatier.
Al: Uh, concerned apes doing interviews again and saying things again.
Al: It's way bigger than Star G Valley, at least in terms of the amount of maps, the amount of monsters, the depth to the whole item system, and all the equipment slots, and all the stuff like this, he told game and farmer.
Al: Everything is cranked up.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: That's a lot then, because like Stardew's not a small game.
Al: And then he says that he's now trying to work on haunted chocolatier 5 days a week and spending the other 2 on Stardew Valley.
Al: And my question is, does he need an intervention?
Codey: When does he sleep?
Codey: Eric.
Al: You've had success.
Al: This is where you get to rest.
Al: What are you doing, man?
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Though I am all for the 5 days of haunted chocolatier, uh, a week because that is close, get closer to getting my, uh, adding it to my successful score, Metacritic score for my, 5 days a week out.
Al: It's not coming out this year.
Al: Not coming out this year.
Codey: Um, yeah.
Codey: Uh, I mean, if he gets, if he genuinely, I mean, there are those humans that genuinely just like get, they don't like downtime, and I can be that way, it's really hard for me to flip between like rest and, because then when I'm quote unquote resting, I'm like thinking about all the things that I want to or should be doing.
Codey: So he might very well just be that kind of human.
Codey: Um,
Al: I also, yeah, I do wonder how much of it is to do with like, uh, other situational things, right?
Al: Like, This is not meant to be like a, oh, parents work harder.
Al: It's not what I'm trying to say at all.
Al: I just want to put that out there.
Al: I do not believe that's the case.
Al: But like when you have kids, for example, like you, I... rest becomes a valuable commodity.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Like even if you previously wouldn't have read, like I, before I had kids, I wouldn't really spend days in bed.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I don't do that now either, but I want to.
Al: You know?
Al: And there's obviously other different situational things that people have.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And yeah, I guess maybe some people just like that.
Al: But I just, I worry like 7 days a week working every week.
Al: That's like, don't don't don't kill yourself.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Don't, don't, don't die.
Codey: I mean, maybe it's only, maybe it's only a couple hours here, a couple hours there.
Al: That's possible.
Codey: Maybe he has like smaller work hour work days, which is totally valid, but, um, yeah.
Al: Yeah.
Al: That's very true.
Al: If I were to work 4 hours a day.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Would I be happy working 6 days a week?
Al: Probably, yeah, not seven.
Al: I still don't want a decision.
Al: I still want a day when I'm not thinking about it.
Al: But then he also probably cares about his work.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: That's the difference, right?
Al: Between making something you want to make and doing something because someone else wants you to.
Al: All right.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: That's the news.
Codey: Oh, woo.
Al: We are going to talk about the farmer was replaced.
Al: We're going to start off with giving a quick overview of the game, and then I want to ask Cody something specific, which I think will be the most interesting thing about talking about this game.
Codey: Okay.
Al: So we're going to start off by this is basically a farming game where you write code to harvest crops.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: That is the simplest way of describing this and also probably the most full way of describing it, right?
Al: Like there's so many details and as you progress through, you get even more and more detailed on certain things.
Al: But ultimately it is you write code for a drone to harvest crops, that's fundamentally the game. I want to talk.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yep.
Al: Obviously, we can go into the details and I've got some stuff that I think it would be good to talk about, but like I 1st of all want to, Cody, we are obviously quite different in terms of our programming experience.
Codey: Yes.
Al: I am a software developer now of well, like 15 years, something like that, professionally.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I obviously coded when I was younger as well because nobody gets into coding having not done it in the spare time because we're a weird type of person.
Al: But you're not completely new to programming.
Al: So maybe it's worth detailing your experience as well.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah, so I, uh, have had some programming through like GIS, uh, we had to use SQL and uh, SQL and Python for some GIS stuff, uh, which is like a mapping thing that you can, yeah.
Codey: I had to do...
Al: Sorry, I said yes, like everybody would know.
Al: I actually do know what GIS is, but maybe listeners don't.
Codey: Yeah, I'm wondering, I'm just, it's one of those things, GIS is so hard to explain.
Codey: It's graphical or geographical information systems, and it's basically like a map.
Codey: You make maps, but then you can also put data on those maps and analyse data spatially using those maps.
Codey: Um,
Al: I mean, what are maps if not, Dave?
Codey: Correct.
Codey: But different types of data. And and for some things with GIS, you can overlay, especially so say you have the, um, presence of certain, um, a certain insect.
Al: Yes.
Codey: So, or, or, like, presence absence.
Codey: So where you found it and where, I guess presence not presence is what, or sorry, presence and unknown, like where you did collect it and where you have not collected it, which doesn't necessarily mean it's not there, it just means you haven't collected it.
Codey: You could then overlay that information with like temperature or, uh, trees that are there and that kind of thing.
Codey: And then, um, you can predict where the species may occur based on the knowledge that you have.
Codey: And it might predict rain, like other areas that you have not sampled and then you could go to those areas and see if you found the insect there and you can update your knowledge with based on that.
Codey: This is really useful for like hybridisation, whatever.
Codey: Uh, we use coding for that.
Codey: Um, in small amounts.
Codey: I think the biggest coding that I've done was just for statistics.
Codey: So I use R, um, and I use it to run statistics for my own data.
Codey: So I collect data.
Codey: I put it into an Excel file that I turn into a CSV file and then I upload that into and I ask, uh, I run code for that.
Codey: And the code that I do in R is, I think, more friendly than Python and C++ and stuff like that to people that might not necessarily be coders on their own.
Codey: Um, it has.
Al: Yeah, I mean, it's around a specific thing, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Like whenever you have a programming language that is designed around something specific, it can be more user-friendly because there's less it needs to do, right?
Codey: And like we can use, this is probably true for anything.
Codey: You can use packages that other people have created.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Um, that include functions that other people have created that do something that is explainable so you can just say like, oh, I want to run this this function because I'm going to take this person's package, which in R, it's all open source, which is lovely.
Codey: Um, take this person's package, run this function to run this model.
Codey: And there's different parameters, you can change and everything.
Codey: So I do a lot of that and then I do a lot of visualisation as well.
Codey: So creating graphs from that.
Codey: So I have some experience with like going in and tweaking code and making code.
Codey: I think what I've always struggled with is generating code initially, like getting something on the page, which is what this game was.
Al: Yeah, do you know, the interesting thing about that, Cody, is I mean, I will never just sit in front of a blank screen and type code.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Like, that's not a thing that I do.
Al: I will, I will copy and paste something that I've previously done in Starfirm that because it's so much easier.
Codey: Correct.
Codey: That's what I do with my when I start a new project.
Codey: I will just take the code that I had previously and just basically, you can just change, here's, uh, here's your new input file, and then...
Al: Yeah, so I guess that's my point is that that's not unusual.
Al: That's standard for...
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: But I think that people who have coded for longer, at least, and this is, this could be completely wrong.
Codey: I think they have more experience and are more comfortable with starting from scratch. Or so I am always working with co- um, data that already exist.
Codey: These are data that I've collected, um, different categories or continuous variables, et cetera, et cetera.
Codey: They've already been named.
Codey: Whereas in some, uh, sometimes when people code, they make an entire new matrix.
Codey: Um, and I don't under, like, again, this is also getting, I've, I was also been so curious about this because we both have Afantasia, and I struggle so much with matrices and that kind of thing because of my Afantasia.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Um, like the 4 I and J and 4 blah, blah, for I and for I and range for J and range, like that kind of thing, I'm always like, I don't understand what's happening.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: Do you know what, do you know what's really interesting? Because, like, this is not the order I wanted to do these things, but apparently this is how it's happening.
Codey: Okay.
Al: No, no, that's fine.
Al: There was actually a point where I had a programme running where I actually modelled out the farm in an array so I could physically see what I was doing. Because I was doing like, I have a few different things that I was doing and different strategies I was using. And I've probably gone way too far.
Codey: Uh-huh.
Al: And certainly we will approach, we will have approached this in very different ways, which is what I'm finding going to find interesting about this conversation.
Al: But yeah, one of the strategies I was doing was I want a general kind of thing where it's just like, I want to build up my stocks of hay and carrots and stuff like that. Because one of the things that we'll be talking about is the fact that when you plant something, it costs a different thing, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So to plant carrots, it costs hay.
Al: So you need to keep your stores of all of the things up.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: And so sometimes you'll want to do specifically like I'm focussing on pumpkins or I'm focussing on cacti and I will explain why you want to focus on them.
Al: But to do that you have to have other things.
Al: So I had like, here's one, which is just like, I'm running low on some things.
Al: Let me just run this and it'll get me some hair.
Al: get me some carrots.
Al: It'll get me some bumpings that will get me some wood, et cetera, et cetera.
Al: And to do that, because I wanted a vague idea of how I wanted to lay this out, I literally just wrote out a 2D array of, I think it was 6 by 6 at that point, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And just like, these are the things I want to put in.
Al: And then I just iterated over the array and put things in and that, I just love that because you were like talking about how it's hard to visualise it. And so I literally just, I wrote it out.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: You you drew.
Al: I wrote out the farm and what I wanted to go wear because trying to think of like the trees in particular are important about where you put them because the trees grow slower if they're next to a tree.
Codey: Yeah, so.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So you need to make sure the trees aren't next to each other, but also sometimes you want to optimise for having as many trees as possible.
Al: So I'm the same.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I struggle to be like, okay, now what exactly is the modulo that I need to put here to make this comparison work to mean that I know that the trees are going to be in this lot, but not that one, and that one, but not that one.
Al: So I literally just wrote it.
Al: I drew out the array.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: for the farm.
Al: So yeah, that amused.
Codey: Yeah, that's so that is like the, I was very curious like how we would do that because I also would probably just like grab a pen and paper and be like, okay, here's what I want.
Codey: But another thing that's beautiful about this game is that you can just do it.
Codey: And that's what I love about coding in general is like if I'm, if I have a graph that I've made, but I'm like, mm, what would it look like if this was purple?
Codey: Literally just change it and then run it again, run that line of code again.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Codey: And then it's purple now.
Codey: And that was with this, it was like, mm, let me see, like, what if I change so that, uh, instead of this growing here, I grow something else here.
Codey: Um, you can just change that.
Codey: And then it's very clear when it like breaks.
Codey: And then I always have 22 different, um, UIs up, not UAs, but like the code thing that you can, what, sorry, what is it?
Al: The editors.
Al: Editor.
Codey: Editor, yeah.
Al: Just like the tech, the text screen where you're taking.
Codey: Yes, so I always have 2 of those, that one that is running and actively getting me things while I then just copy paste whatever I'm, whatever the current like code I have is into the other one and then I'm like changing it there. So that if I try and like run the changes and it breaks, I'd be like, okay, just I'll just run the other one again because it was working.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Okay, let's let's pause here and get into some details about how the game works.
Al: So obviously I talked about the fact that overall it's like here is a square of X by X.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: It starts off.
Al: I can't remember what it was it 4 was it 9 by 3 by 3 or something?
Codey: I think it, I think it was 3 by 3, yeah.
Al: Yeah, 3 by 3 grid.
Al: And your drone can do stuff on one of those items at a time.
Al: And so your point is you have a whole bunch of different ways in the code to tell your drone what to do.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: You can tell it to move, you can tell it to plant, you can tell it to harvest.
Al: Um, and then over time, you gain more uh, functions in the code to do other things uh, in so many different ways.
Al: So like, for example, this is probably going to get really detailed in in terms of like how code works.
Al: So if you have never touched code, you might get a little bit confused about some of it, but hopefully there'll be at least something interesting there.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: If you are a programmer, then I don't know, we'll see how that...
Codey: Could be like these, these children, they only just, Cody only just learned how to use 4 loops.
Codey: What?
Al: Yeah, thank you for not bundling me into that there, which you almost did.
Codey: No, it.
Codey: Yeah, no, no.
Codey: Like it, so this, that's okay.
Al: No, it's fine.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Because when I would run things before, and I will probably continue to do this.
Al: That fine.
Codey: I run individual, even if I have like 30 different models, I need to run with different, like, variables, I will just write out 30 models and run them all because then if something breaks, like, or if one of them is having an issue, I can I can figure out exactly which one it is without like a loop breaking.
Al: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Um, but then people that code a lot or like, what are you doing?
Codey: Like, this is like a 1000 lines of code when it could just be like 50?
Codey: But anyway.
Codey: Um,
Al: I think that the import, I mean, if we're talking about things in real life, right?
Al: The important thing is that the code works for you and right?
Codey: Correct.
Al: Like you're not, you're not writing code that's going to go run a banking system, so who cares what it looks like?
Al: If it gets the job done for you, that's the important thing.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Um, so your, the, the, UI is obviously very different from normal farming games, um, but you have your farm, which is shown as this grid and you have uh, an editor, um, which is where you type code.
Al: You can actually have multiple editors.
Al: We'll get into that, I'm sure.
Al: And then you also have your help screen, which gives you details about how things work.
Al: And then you have your drone and also a piggy bank drone as well.
Al: It's everything you harvest goes into the Big Bang Run.
Codey: That saves everything.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: And the idea is, yeah, you write code in the editor, you click run, and your drone does stuff, assuming you've written code that actually compiles.
Al: Um, and I, the, 1st up, what I think would be interesting to talk about is how did you find, because obviously this, some of the things in here will be things you've experienced before.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Some will be things you've heard of and some might be things that you've never dealt with.
Al: I wonder, and I don't know the question to this because the answer to this because obviously I am, you know, very experienced software developer.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Has this taught you anything?
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Oh yes.
Al: And if so, and if so, how well did it do the teaching of that?
Codey: I learned a lot and I had actually had to stop because I was getting frustrated with how I was not learning.
Codey: And so I also contacts my husband is a coder as well.
Codey: So he, like, does a lot of software stuff as well.
Codey: So he was sitting next to me as I'm like sitting here struggling through 4 loops and he's like, do you want help?
Codey: I'm like, after a while, I was like, yes, I actually do want help.
Codey: And then he'd be like, okay, so what if you do this at this?
Codey: Or like, what if what if you have a nested for loop?
Codey: And I'm like, oh, okay.
Codey: You can do that.
Codey: Because I think that was like the 1st issue that I was having.
Codey: Um, instead of just riding like move east, move east, move east or move south and like having to just like make that, um, creating a 4 loop so that it's that it just like moves you around.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Um, I think was something that I, like, wouldn't have realised on my own.
Codey: I think another thing that really just continues to bug me is the wild true.
Al: Mm-hmm.
Codey: I'm not used to code that's just constantly running.
Al: Mhm.
Codey: I'm used to code that is static that I I like change it a little bit and then I run one line and then it gives me an output.
Codey: And based on that output, I run something else.
Codey: So I'm not used to this like, because this is just constantly running.
Codey: Um, and I was just like, wow, true.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Like, wow, what is true?
Codey: My husband was like, wild, true.
Codey: And I'm like, but what is...
Al: Well, while true, while true is true.
Codey: What about when wild falls?
Codey: And he's like, it won't be.
Codey: I don't know.
Codey: I don't remember exactly what he said, but I was just like, I don't, I don't get this.
Al: I mean, it's yeah, it's interesting because essentially, when you're saying wild true,
Al: You're essentially saying, while yes.
Al: While while you're doing things, please.
Codey: Exactly.
Al: It's like, but you're doing things while existence.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: While we are alive, while this thing exists, while the computer runs, right?
Codey: While.
Al: Like it's just while yes.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: It's basically while while you have, while you have selected the run feature on this editor.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
Al: Whale code is running.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: And I think I really struggled with that.
Codey: And then I really struggled with, um, for loops.
Codey: But everything else, like, I just had to stop myself from, like, changing code all the time, like, trying or, like, making things that could have been a 4 loop, basically.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Um, And yeah, I'm not entirely sure.
Codey: I think so that was, that was weird, but other than that, like once it's, once it gets into like the kind of puzzle element of, um, what you're planting and everything, I think that made sense to me.
Codey: Um, so basically, uh, you can plant different things and each thing that you plant has different things that it does.
Codey: So the 1st thing you have is hay, and it just grows, it grows real fast.
Codey: Um, and so if you can, you can almost always harvest it because it's like almost always available to be harvested because it grows so fast versus the bushes don't grow as fast.
Codey: So can harvest might not always be true.
Codey: Um,
Codey: And so then you'd have to be like, okay, well, what do you plant here?
Codey: Are you just waiting for it to harvest?
Codey: Like, what do you do?
Codey: And so, And there were some really stupid things that I was like, why is this not like, like you break the code for stupid reasons?
Codey: And I think this is the classic, like, a software developer creates something and is like, it's great.
Codey: And then the user, like, breaks it immediately because the user does something you were not expecting.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Um, I have a lot of difficulty moving, like navigating the movement of my drone.
Codey: Um, but I basically have that figured out now and what I currently have.
Codey: I haven't gotten to the cactuses yet.
Codey: What I currently have is, um, gosh, what is this, two, four, six, eight, 8 by 8.
Codey: And 2 roses, pumpkins, 2 roses, carrots, one row is hay, 2 rows is bushes, and then one row of sunflowers.
Codey: And I have not optimised... The sunflowers.
Codey: I mean, not optimise like anything because there's different ways that you can optimise things and I just have not even attempted to do that.
Codey: Um, I also have not done trees, like you mentioned trees, like that was just starting to get really, like I, I, I, I'm not very good at like maximising the efficiency of these things.
Codey: Like I, I'm just like, one row is going to be trees.
Codey: One row is gonna be sunflowers.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: And if the sun, if, so I basically just have it constantly saying like, underneath you, if you can harvest it, harvest it.
Codey: And if, um, how have I said this?
Al: Yeah.
Codey: If get position y equals one or so if like basically you're on y equals one or y equals two, then you're a book, like what you're going to plant as a bush versus like 3 is hay or whatever.
Al: Yep.
Codey: Um, and I have like a lot of if, if else's, And if LFs, and yeah, I don't know.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I don't know where my brain is at right now.
Al: No, that's fine.
Codey: There's a, like looking at it, I'm just like, there's if, if, if else, if, if, else, if, else, if, like, it just keeps like going down and down and down and it depends on like how much wood I have, like I say, like, if you, if I have more than 300 wood, then harvest, otherwise, like, do, like, make plant bushes instead, basically.
Codey: Um, but if I don't, instead of hay.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: But if I don't have, if I have enough wood, which I currently have 17.2 k wood, so I'm fine.
Codey: Um, then it'll just keep doing hay.
Codey: So, yeah.
Codey: I'm still in like the baby stages of it and I still definitely have things that I can do to iterate better.
Al: I, Yeah, no, I, I just, I think it's interesting because I, I feel, and this is not, this is, this is meant to be a positive.
Al: This is not meant to be a negative.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I just want to make that clear.
Al: The things that you are learning and that you've succeeded in getting to was probably about my 1st 10 minutes in the game, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yes.
Al: Because we have that different experience.
Al: And I just think it's really interesting because you're like, oh, you know, you got, you had nested for a loops, explained to you and like, oh, I didn't realise that was even a thing.
Codey: Yes.
Al: And what I did is, is I loaded up the game and I went, oh, right, okay, yeah, this wants me to do a nested for because I've got, is a 2D grid, right?
Codey: That was something that you yeah.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Like that's just like an automatic thing in my head at this point.
Al: Um, I want to post
Codey: Which I just.
Al: I want to post a picture, which is of my current setup of things.
Codey: Uh-huh.
Al: ignore the fact that everything is grass.
Al: That's just because I cleared it at one and didn't actually run.
Al: I just want to show you how many different editors and things that have running, not actually running, but like things that I can be running.
Codey: Okay.
Al: So I've posted it.
Codey: Okay, yeah.
Codey: Wait, can you have more than one running at the time at one time?
Al: Not, no.
Al: So that's what I'm saying.
Codey: Okay.
Al: So these are just like I have things set up.
Al: So I have one which is, I want to, I want to get a bunch of carrots.
Al: I have one, which is I want to focus on pumpkins.
Al: I have one which is my cactus one.
Al: I have one which is for the maze maze hunting.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I have one for just general.
Al: I want to get a whole bunch.
Al: like I want to re-get hay and wood and stuff like that.
Al: Um, and yeah, these are of 2 very different scales, right?
Codey: There's mine.
Al: Like my grid is 16 by 16 now.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: And so, but I think that's the beautiful thing is that like I came up.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I came into this, having some coding knowledge, but not, I, because I struggled so much with a raise and matrices and whatever, whenever I've tried to just do regular coding.
Codey: Um, if I can't just say, uh, like, group, like, or like, um, filter.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: So often I'll like filter this column, if this column equals this value, then retain it.
Codey: Otherwise, like, like, so for me, that, in R, that is very, or like, I guess other Python, they have that as well.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: But having it in this is so amorphous to me that it's really hard for me to visualise, but this game really helps you visualise these things and it really like allowed me to actually like solidify a lot of these concepts.
Codey: Um, and so I'm, I'm really enjoying it.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: and I want to keep playing it.
Codey: I think I was just getting frustrated with myself because it's like I can tell that there's there's something or like some way to optimise things in a different way or whatever that I just haven't like mentally unlocked yet.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Um,
Al: Yeah, it's just looking at your code, it's interesting.
Al: There's a lot of kind of more, I don't know, when it necessarily want to say advanced, but like if you think about your coding experience before and how it is now, like there's a lot of things there that are more like, would still take me a couple of minutes to be like, oh, yeah, of course I need to do this, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Like there's still not automatic things.
Al: It's like, you've got your, you're nested for a loop there, but your NSS4 loop is working automatically in the way that if you then upgrade the size, it's still going to handle that and stuff like that.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: Yep Yep.
Al: Um,
Codey: That's, yeah, instead of having it be like, oh, for go, go 8 uh, across and then 8 down or whatever, like I'm just like, nope, just whatever the world size is.
Al: Hard coded.
Al: Yeah, exactly.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Codey: I just, and then for some of them, like, like the wood one, like if you're on the 3rd row, which is the hay row, if there is enough wood, then just do it or whatever.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: But otherwise, like, we need more wood.
Codey: So, so I, I definitely like have that forward thinking, like, I don't want to have to go back and and fix this later type of thing.
Codey: I will definitely have to, but, like, I've built that into that, like, 4 loops so that I won't have to, like, mess with, ugh, I put 8 and now it's 16.
Codey: Um, But,
Al: Yeah.
Al: What I think would be very interesting for you is actually, and this is just me now telling you to code bear, um, one of the things that I'm seeing most in this code is there's a lot of duplication that you could probably pull out into functions, right?
Codey: Please.
Codey: Yes.
Al: For example, for every different type here, you're doing, if it's grass, harvest the grass, plant the thing I want to plant and then move.
Al: All of that can be pulled out into function, that you just pass through what the, what you want to plant, and then the function does all the things, and all you have to do each of these times is call that function once.
Codey: Yep.
Al: And that would like tidy things up a lot.
Al: It doesn't change what's happening.
Al: It just tidies the code up a lot.
Codey: Right.
Al: So if you change what you want to do on grass, right?
Al: You don't have a problem where you're missing it in one area, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So say you decide you want to, instead of harvesting them planting, then moving east, you instead want to harvest them plant, then move west, you have to change that now in 5 different places.
Al: Whereas if you abstracted that into a function, you would only have to move, change it in one place.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So it's stuff like that, that this, as you go, if you continue playing, you will, I don't presume you've not unlocked functions yet.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Um, I think I did right before I, like, stopped.
Al: Okay, you gave up.
Al: Yeah.
Al: That's that, yeah, so that for programmers listing, there's a lot of fundamental programming things that you don't have access to at the start, uh, because you have to unlock it through the skill tree, which we'll get to in a minute.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So as you keep, if you keep going, you'll get to those points and you'll eventually go and read the functions thing and learn about that and that will give you the ability to then tidy it up even more and get better code.
Codey: Hmm.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: Yeah, I, right before I stopped playing, when I like did the big push of playing this, I had just unlocked variables and functions.
Codey: So, which variables, I was like, this is great, because then I can just change it to Bush instead of entities.bush, or... Yes, yes.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, that fundamentally changes how you're doing things massively.
Al: That was the that was the point, I think, where I made my grid because I was like, yeah, finally, I can make my grid and I can refer to different variables and just be like pass them through rather than having to manually type everything.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: So that's that's when I stopped.
Codey: But I really love the, um, the, like, the, the, help documents.
Al: Yes, the documentation yeah.
Codey: Um, I was the documentation.
Codey: I, and I do this with code with my coding that I do in the real life as well, where the 1st time I run, and some people, not everyone does this.
Codey: Like some people will just be like, oh, this is the thing that you run to run this statistical test, cool.
Codey: And then they just move on with their life.
Codey: But I try and like actually read a lot of the documentation to see exactly what's happening because there are times when in the documentation, it says like, oh, and then this variable or this, um, parameter within the model means this.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: And I'm like, ooh, I think people are using that wrong.
Codey: Um, and so I really don't, correct.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Wouldn't be the 1st time.
Codey: I really don't like I like the documentation.
Codey: The documentation also like hints at a lot of things sometimes.
Codey: Like, I think in one of them, not the 4 loop.
Codey: There's there's something in here where they're like, see if you can figure out how to do this thing and then it has text that you could that's currently like blocked that you could unhide or you could like hit show.
Al: It's got hints, yeah.
Codey: Yeah, so it's got those, so like, and I haven't looked at those yet, but if I were truly stomped and felt like I had tried and exhausted every avenue, I could try that.
Codey: But I think it really helps you to navigate that like learning process and it's like telling you, oh, you could do this thing and you're like, whoa, how would I do that?
Al: Yeah.
Codey: And then you think about what you have access to right now.
Codey: And how that, but I think it also unlocks a lot of things that it doesn't necessarily tell you that it unlocks.
Codey: So there's some, so there's the built-in functions that, uh, again, if you don't look at the documentation, you might not know that some of those functions exist, like get world size, which is what I use instead of just doing a, uh, an amount for I and whatever.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Um, and there's some other things like I remember my husband being like, oh, have you unlocked like strings and I'm like, no.
Codey: Um oh, my world is bigger.
Codey: When did that happen?
Codey: Oh no.
Codey: Now I just have, I have a mega pumpkin currently that is, like, 4 by 4.
Al: Okay, so let's, yeah, okay, let's, let's talk about the unlocked tree then, because we're kind of, we're kind of there.
Codey: Yes.
Al: So you start off with very few things you can do and you have to unlock them using different things.
Al: So, like, some things will cost hay, some things will cost wood.
Al: There is money in this game, but not till like late game, so we'll probably not really talk about that.
Al: We might talk about it in a very passing way.
Al: But yeah, so for example, you start off just with the grass and the, do you have the bushes to start with or do you have to unlock the bushes?
Al: I can't remember about it.
Codey: I think you unlock them.
Codey: Yeah, you unlock them.
Codey: It's plant, plant bushes.
Al: Oh, yes, yes.
Codey: So at 1st you're just harvesting.
Al: Okay, so yeah, so you just start, you're just harvesting the grass because the grass grows automatically on grassland.
Al: Great.
Al: And then you unlock the ability to uh, to plant things which gives you the bushes and then you can also expand the farm, you then unlock different crops, which I want to go through all the crops.
Al: And then you can also unlock other programming things.
Al: So for example, you can unlock some debug things like printing, which, uh, you know, programmers will know just shows something on the console. In this game, it doesn't have a console that prints things on.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Have you done the print?
Codey: Yeah, so, well, but you can, you can print, so it basically print, it like comes up as like a little chemtrail above you, but you can print it.
Al: Yeah, I love it.
Al: It's fantastic.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: You can like force print or something.
Codey: I can't remember exactly what it's called, but, um, It basically pushes it to your command or to like a text editor in on your actual computer.
Al: Yes.
Codey: Um which was interesting.
Codey: But I didn't want that.
Codey: Um
Al: Quick print, that's what they call it.
Codey: Yes.
Al: Um, and then so there's other there's other debugs things as well.
Al: you can get the ability to like change the world size to smaller if you want to test things and change the running speed and stuff like that.
Al: But there's also another branch which is unlocking other like operators and stuff like that. So you can have like more comparisons.
Al: You can say if this is equal to this, if this is not this, et cetera.
Al: you can unlock sensors which allows the drone to see what's underneath it.
Al: So that's like, you know, if this is uh, if this is a pumpkin, then we do things differently with it.
Al: which you'll understand why when we talk about pumpkins.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And then there's obviously variables you just talked about, there's functions, there's lists, there's dictionaries, sets, you can import, um, a whole bunch of other things.
Al: Uh, there's also you can, you can actually unlock things from eventually when you, but only if you still, you still have to have the requirements for it.
Al: So like I'm sitting here going, I don't know why anybody would ever do this because you're like, you'd have to write out a ridiculous amount of code to be able to like automate everything to the point where you then have enough that it makes sense to write the code to unlock something rather than just going into the tree and clicking on it.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But that's a whole other conversation.
Al: And then there's obviously there's a different crops. You can unlock the ability to water, you can unlock the ability to fertilise.
Al: The interesting one is you can unlock the polyculture, which changes how much things yield based on what's beside them, which can get quite complicated.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: You can unlock dinosaur bones.
Al: Um, you can also unlock mazes, which are the only way to get money.
Al: I presume you don't have mazes.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Nope, I don't have cactuses yet.
Codey: so.
Al: That's fine.
Al: Um, and then there's also Mega Farm, which allows you to have.
Al: Oh, apparently I can unlock now.
Al: Yay.
Al: I didn't realise I had enough money for that.
Al: Nice.
Al: Time to get distracted.
Al: So, they all do different things, but you know, it's fundamentally about unlocking different ways to programme and also different crops to farm is basically what they unlock.
Codey: Mm.
Al: And what I like about the unlock tree is that it doesn't, it means that, oh, not everything is thrown in your face all at once.
Al: So for someone like me, it was a bit frustrating not to be able to have variables, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Right, the start.
Al: And it took ages to get variables.
Al: And that was a little bit frustrating.
Al: But for someone like you, having, you know, 10 different things that slowly unlock, so it's like, okay, now you've gotten used to that, here's another thing you can look at.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I would imagine would be quite helpful.
Codey: Yeah, I think I there were certain things like variables that I was like looking for.
Codey: Um...
Al: Yeah, okay, maybe variables was not the right example, but like, you know, you get my point.
Codey: But like for me, but yeah, there, it's, it makes it so that it's not too much at once.
Codey: Like, you control how fast things get unlocked so you can make sure, like, okay, I really understand the if, if else, uh, situ- if else situation.
Al: Exactly.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: So now I feel like I can move on to functions or whatever.
Codey: Um, and I think that's probably my next hurdle is functions.
Codey: But like, I can see how someone who does this more frequently, um, you could get a little frustrated.
Codey: It would probably feel like going back to elementary stuff because it's like, I know I can, I know I can just do this, like.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Oh for sure.
Al: It just won't let me.
Codey: It just won't let you because you haven't unlocked.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: I kind of, there was something quite early and I was like, because I'm not, I don't write in Python.
Al: So like I, some of the things I had to relearn because I was just like, how do you do this in Bython?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Because, you know, I know the concepts, but not the exact wording and syntax.
Al: And I was like, how do I do this?
Al: I can't remember what it was, but how do I do this in Python?
Al: And it was like, oh, you do this?
Al: And I was like, oh, that doesn't exist because I've not unlocked it yet.
Al: Great.
Al: You know, it's just, that's a whole new concept for a programmer is the idea of like, 0 no, you have to work to get your tools.
Al: You know?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Um, So it was that was quite funny.
Al: Okay, let's talk a different plants and things like that.
Al: So you start off with, as we mentioned, grass, grass just grows automatically on grasslands and you harvest it and then you get the bushes.
Al: Um, the bushes, um, can, I think they can be planted on grasslands as well as soil, don't they?
Codey: Yes, yes, they can be planted on both.
Al: It's carrots is the 1st thing you have to.
Al: Yeah.
Al: So you have to plant the bush and then it gives you wood.
Al: Great, fantastic.
Al: Simple.
Al: Then you get carrots.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Now carrots obviously have to be in the soil, so you have to learn about tilling the ground.
Al: You tell the ground and you put the soil in it.
Al: And this is where the 1st kind of interesting thing comes in to me because if you till soil, you get back to grasslands.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So you have to learn very quickly that you have to like be careful.
Al: You don't just automatically till before you put a carrot in because it depends on what the ground was.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: Yep Yep.
Al: So I like how they did that because it's very quickly you have to learn about comparators, which is on the same layer of the tree, so you can unlock it pretty quick, pretty much at the same time as carrots.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And carrots is just you plant them and then eventually you can harvest them and you get carrots, carrots cost grass, I think.
Al: Or do they cost wood?
Codey: Uh, they cost hay and wood.
Al: Is it?
Al: The hay and wood.
Al: And then you can unlock trees which are like bushes, they give you wood, but they give you more wood, but as I mentioned before, you can, if you grow them next to each other, they take longer to grow.
Al: And I think if you have like a tree that's surrounded by trees.
Al: I think it takes 64 times as long to grow.
Codey: Gee.
Al: So you really, really can't just do a whole grid of trees because it will take forever to grow.
Al: So that's where you then learn about only planting in specific places, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Because previously you could just go, oh, I'm just going to plant carrots now and just going to everything carrots, but you can't do that for trees and so you have to think about where you're placing them.
Codey: So how do you do that?
Al: So you mean if you want like the most efficient thing?
Codey: Do you do get get position X and get position Y?
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Codey: Okay.
Al: So what I would do is if I wanted to maximise the amount of wood that I'm getting in one set setting, I would use, do you know, you know about modulo, right?
Al: That's a thing you would be aware of in maths.
Codey: No.
Al: No?
Al: So, uh, it's about the remainder in a division.
Codey: Okay.
Al: So if you do, uh, 10 mod, that's probably too far.
Al: If we go 5 module two, 5 divided by 2 would be 2 remainder one, and the module gives you the remainder.
Codey: Yes.
Al: So 5 modulo 2 gives you one.
Codey: Okay.
Al: 4 modulo 2 gives you 0.
Codey: Yeah, okay.
Al: So that is a really important thing in figuring out trees because that allows you to figure out where you are relative to other trees in a way without having the like being able to check surrounding things, right?
Codey: Mm.
Al: So in a treat, if you're wanting to plant trees in a checkerboard, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: You would do if X modulo 2 is equal to 0 and Y modulo 2 is equal to 0 or X modulo 2 equals one and Y modulo 2 equals one.
Al: And that gives you the, if you are on, if if they're both 0, then you're on an even square in both directions.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yes.
Al: So you're either 0 or 2 or 4 or 6 or eight.
Al: So that means you're not going to go 01.
Al: You're going to go 00 or 02.
Al: You're not going to go 01.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I don't know if I'm explaining this well or not.
Codey: No, no, I get it.
Codey: I was actually, I've been thinking like, how do I,
Codey: How do I decide, how do I determine if something is even?
Codey: versus odd.
Al: That there you go.
Al: Modulo.
Codey: Um, because that was something I'm like, you know, I would love to make it so that every other, uh,
Al: Modulo too.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, because you could, because you could do it manually, right?
Al: You would go, if it's, if, if it's 0 and Z, if it X is 0 and Y is 0 or if X is 2 and Y is 2 or F X is 4 and Y is 4.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But instead of just doing all those, yeah, you can just do if X modulo 2 is 0 and Y modulo 2 is 0.
Al: And that gives you all of the even squares.
Codey: So I could do that for one row and then do odd for the other row.
Al: Exactly.
Codey: Okay.
Al: That's exactly what you're doing.
Al: Yeah.
Al: So then the odd ones would be X module or 2 is equal to one and Y module.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Although if you're only doing one, if you're just focussing on one row, you obviously just need to do X.
Al: Whereas I'm thinking about an entire grid, right?
Al: If you're looking at entire grid, you're comparing X and Y.
Codey: Yes.
Al: And so you want even in both directions or odd in both directions.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: But that's like part of that.
Al: This is probably a terrible podcast.
Al: I'm so sorry.
Codey: Well, so that's part of that, like, optimisation thing that I just kind of didn't.
Codey: I have not tried trees because I was like, oh, that looks cool.
Al: Yes.
Codey: I'm not gonna do that, though.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Codey: Um...
Al: I think it gets worse from there.
Codey: Yeah, so that was one of those things that I was just like, I'm just going to do bushes and it's going to be fine.
Codey: Um, but if you're trying to make number go big.
Codey: It's not fine.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: So then you have sunflowers, which I haven't actually done because I couldn't be bothered learning how they work, but I think essentially if you harvest a sunflower, it speeds up your drone basically.
Codey: Oh, okay.
Al: Is that kind of how it works, temporarily speeds it up.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yep, so you get power, so power, um, it automatically allows your power to move twice as, or sorry, you're drawn to move twice as fast.
Codey: Um, and it's just kind of used on like an every 2nd basis or something like that.
Codey: Um, the thing about sunflowers is if you harvest the sunflower that has the most pedals in the row 1st, you get more power.
Codey: So it basically would require you to assess the number, like count the number of pedals or per row, and then like, so you'd have to do like a sweep where you like assess that on the row and then or wherever you have your sunflowers.
Al: Ah, right.
Codey: And then, uh, harvest them from top down from like most to lowest.
Al: And then go back to it.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Codey: And I have not done that.
Codey: I don't care about that
Codey: So I just have a row of sunflowers.
Al: Well, this is this is what I find interesting about this game is you can be like, oh, I want to be the most efficient, uh, which will come out, which is big in like pumpkins and cactuses, well, she'll get into it in a minute.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Yes.
Al: But you can also just brute force it and be like, I don't care.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Just give me stuff.
Al: And if you're running it, you will get lots of stuff, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: It's just that it will be slower than if you did it in the most efficient way possible.
Codey: Yeah, like I'm, I might have to like let this run for 10 minutes while I go eat food, but I will still get all of the resources I need to unlock things in the unlock tray.
Codey: So, um, though I guess that's that wouldn't work for everything, I think.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I don't know if you can brute, because like, again, you can't just convert everything to sunflowers.
Al: Yeah, it might be hard.
Al: It might be hard to.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, it might be hard to get the, you know, 1000000000 cactuses that you need without having some sort of optimise.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: Like, you can't just be like, okay, well, I'm going to make everything a sunflower because sun, the cost of a sunflower is carrots.
Codey: So you're going to have to be growing carrots, which means that you have to be growing the hay and the grass and the wood, some wood bearing thing.
Codey: Um, but I like it because it makes you, you kind of like have to be thinking about the entire array and like all of it, but you also kind of don't because it's just running on its own and then you can focus your attention on like the new thing.
Codey: and just know that the code is going to run because it has it works.
Codey: You built it the right way.
Codey: Um, yeah.
Codey: I like that.
Codey: So Sunflowers is where I stopped.
Codey: I guess I never tried trees, but sunflowers is where I was like, yeah, I'm not going to do that.
Codey: Um,
Al: So next we have pumpkins.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: The interesting thing about pumpkins is that you, they merge to create larger pumpkins as uh, Cody...
Codey: I currently have a 4 by 4.
Al: And you get when you harvest a pumpkin, you get the cube number of the dimensions of that pumpkin.
Al: So if you have a pumpkin that is one, you get one, if you have a pumpkin that is 2 by 2, you get eight, if you have one that is 3 by 3, you get 27.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So you can see how that very quickly adds up.
Al: So you want to get, the idea with pumpkins is you want to get big pumpkins.
Codey: Mhm, mm-hmm.
Al: And but pumpkins when they when they mature have a 20% chance of dying.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So you can't just go, this entire grid is pumpkin now harvest because by the time you get to that point, you're not going to have a mega pumpkin because 20% of them are going to be dead.
Al: So you then need to like go back and check if it's dead and if so, replant it.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Also, I think if I don't think you can, I think if you are above a dead pumpkin and you say can harvest, it's like, I can't, like, this is nothing.
Codey: I don't think that works.
Al: Correct.
Codey: So you have to it like forces you to do something different.
Al: Yes, yeah, correct.
Al: But if you're above a, like if you say, for example, have a 3 by 3 grid and you're just going to make a big pumpkin, if you got to the top right after you've iterated over everything and it's not a dead pumpkin, it will say you can harvest that as well.
Al: So you have to know whether or not there are.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: I just brute force it.
Al: Well, yeah, but it's just going to be the least efficient, right?
Al: Whereas I currently have an algorithm going, which is going, it plants all the pumpkins and then it goes back and it replants all the dead ones and then it goes back and it basically when it gets to the end pumpkin, it will, well, I actually had 2 versions of it, one of which just always harvested the end pumpkin, and it meant that sometimes I would be harvesting small pumpkins and sometimes I would be harvesting slightly bigger ones, but eventually, eventually it would get to a mega pumpkin and it would harvest everything.
Codey: Correct.
Codey: Checks for dead pumpkins.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Which considering -6 and by 16 does take a while.
Al: But that was one another one you can do is like track, whether you've had dead pumpkins the last time or not.
Al: And if so, then you do another sweep, either of the entire thing if you want to be lazy or of the just the specific spots where you had dead pumpkins before.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So there's different strategies of what, and in many different layers you can have different efficiencies of what you want to do, which is...
Codey: Yeah, and I think that that's something that's really interesting and like is indicative of coders in general, is you can have one person who does code one way and then you meet another person who does something like, and it's different, but also possibly more efficient or less efficient, and you can be like, 0 my God, I'm going to do it for like that from now on.
Codey: Um,
Al: Yeah, I think the interesting thing about that is this comes to the one disadvantage that I think this game has, which is that there is our most efficient way to do everything because of how code complexity works.
Codey: Okay.
Al: There is going to be a way because of how everything is structured.
Codey: Hmm.
Al: There is a most efficient way to do everything.
Al: And depending on what that is, those things can be more or less complicated, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Like the most efficient way to get carrots is just you go iterate over every grid and make a carrot in each one and then harvest them all.
Al: Right.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: That's the most, whereas the most efficient thing with a pumpkin is you iterate over and then you track, you go back over and you track where the dead ones were and you go back to only those spots until you've got to the and that's the most efficient way to get pumpkins. And then the cacti, there's a specific, most efficient way.
Al: But it's like provable as well what the most efficient way is because of how maths works.
Codey: Mhm, mhm, mhm.
Al: I hate it.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I'm never gonna do the work to figure out that.
Al: I'm just gonna, with, with programming, there are often uh, kind of standards that is this is the most efficient way to do something.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: We'll get into that with the cactus because this is a perfect example in programming of the most efficient way to do things.
Codey: Okay, I haven't done the cactus yet, so tell me, tell me about the cat.
Al: Okay, so the cactuses are interesting in that if you harvest them, if you if the cacti, so the cacti, let me start again.
Al: So the cacti can be different sizes, I think there's 5 different sizes, one, to 3, or five.
Codey: 10. 10.
Al: Is it 10?
Codey: Cacti come in 10 different sizes.
Al: Goodness me.
Codey: When harvested.
Al: You can tell how long it is since I did the cacti algorithm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Um, if you, if they are ordered on the grid and you select, uh, the, you know, the one side of it, um, if they are properly ordered, they will all automatically harvest after you harvest the 1st one. And then, like the pumpkin, you get, I can't remember if it's exactly, if it's a cube.
Al: I can't remember the exact calculation for how much you get, but you get more if you harvest them in that way, right?
Al: So what you want to do is you want to sort the cacti.
Codey: Mm.
Al: Now, programmers will be suddenly thinking, oh, starting algorithms.
Al: I know sorting algorithms, but the problem with what you're thinking programmer, O clever programmer, is the only way to sort the cacti is swap 2 cacti that are next to each other, which immediately takes out the most efficient sorting algorithms in programming, which I hate that they did this, but it's so clever because it's the complete opposite of what you would normally do with sorting things.
Codey: Mhm.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So there's a couple of different sorting algorithms that work that way and they are very simple to explain to things, right?
Al: to someone who's new to starting algorithms.
Al: So basically what, the way that um, these algorithms works is you go from the bottom, you check the size of the current one and the size of the next one, if the, if the, if the, if the, if the, one you're looking at is bigger than the one you're, the next one, then you swap those two, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: That the kind of, and then you keep, you iterate over that and you keep going until there are no more that are bigger on the left than they are on the right and then you have it sorted.
Al: Now, that is a very simple sorting algorithm, but it's a very inefficient sorting algorithm.
Al: Um, and so programmers will not want to do that by default, right?
Al: That's what I think is very funny about this.
Al: is it's making you do sorting algorithms that you don't normally do because they're bad.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But essentially, yeah, so you have your grid of cacti, you plant them all, and then you have to implement a sorting algorithm, which every programmer has done, mostly in interviews, because realistically in real life, you just use a library that is the most efficient way of, you don't think about it.
Al: You just go, oh, well, that's fine.
Al: But we've all, we've all been there and we've all done it.
Al: And so you, but then you have to think, oh, of course, I have to do a quick sort or a bubble sort or something like that.
Al: I have to do one of these annoying algorithms that are just a very bad algorithm, but they're easy to explain, which I think is very funny.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: But it does mean that you're actually your cacti are very, very slow.
Al: So I have a, as I said, I have a 16 by 16 grid and I have the a cacti cacti algorithm that will cover the entire 16 by 16 grid, but it takes like 10 minutes to sort it.
Codey: Editor.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: That's how slow it is.
Al: But you get a lot of cacti in the end.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Well, so in the in the documentation, it just shows, um, like a 3 by 3.
Al: Yes.
Codey: Area.
Al: Yep.
Codey: Um.
Al: It's probably more sensible.
Al: To do a smaller one.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I just, I just feel like if I'm going to leave my computer doing something anyway, then I may as well leave it doing the big grid.
Codey: Because with the 16 by 16, how does that work then?
Codey: Like, do all of the Western most ones have to be ones and then there's 2s and then there's 3s, like blah, blah, blah.
Al: It depends on how many there are, but essentially, yeah.
Al: So it's because obviously a one-dimensional sort is much easier than a two-dimensional sort.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: one dimensional sort, it's just smallest on left, biggest on the right, but with a two-dimensional sort.
Al: It's like essentially smallest ones in the bottom left corner, biggest ones in the top right corner.
Codey: Yes.
Al: It doesn't automatically mean that everything on the left-hand side is going to be size one.
Al: Um, but it means like the, the, they kind of go in a diagonal path.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So if there was only one, it would be in the bottom left corner, if there are three, it would be in the bottom left corner, and then one up from that and one right from that.
Al: Does that make sense?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So diagonally sorted.
Al: Which does come, which does complicate the algorithm quite a bit, but it's the same concept.
Codey: I.
Codey: Yeah, thinking about thinking about you creating one for a 16 by 16 is horrifying.
Al: It's the same logic.
Al: It works for any grid size.
Codey: Yeah, but like that, just thinking about your your poor, poor drone.
Al: But you can...
Codey: Looking, and...
Al: Let me write, shall I run it, shall I run one while we're talking? Because I was just doing pumpkins, but let me do a cactus.
Al: It's so painful to watch it, right?
Codey: You're poor, because your poor drone is like, is this one bigger than that one?
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Okay, I'll swap it.
Al: I need to, it has to go over the grid like so many times, like what, 10, 20 times, something like that.
Codey: Is this?
Codey: Okay, this one's fine.
Codey: This one's fine and it just has to like...
Codey: Can you not like tell it?
Al: And of course, it's a 16 by 16 grid.
Al: So of course, it takes ages to go through one single pass. It's so bad.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Can you tell it not to, like, worry about, like, can you can you make it so that the leftmost is finished and then you don't have to go to the leftmost anymore?
Al: Yes, that's pretty much how the algorithm...
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Like, okay, you don't have to do this anymore.
Al: It knows when it's, it knows when it started a role.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Oh, a row, not a column.
Al: But like that takes a long time.
Al: Well, both.
Codey: Okay.
Al: But that takes a long time.
Codey: But they grow randomly.
Codey: Like, you can't, the one could be all the way on the right.
Al: Correct.
Codey: Woof.
Codey: And then it says that they turn they're brown if they're not in the right order and they're green when they are.
Codey: Okay, so if you can figure.
Al: Yes.
Al: Which is very visually pleasing to watch.
Codey: Yes, I think like that would be something.
Al: So it's now finished, it's now finished planting all the cacti, so now watching it, swapping them all.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Um, see, if you had sunflowers.
Codey: That would go so fast.
Al: Yeah, but then I wouldn't get as many cacti in one goal.
Codey: But if you if you had a stockpile of power, it would just double the amount of time that they.
Al: Yeah, sure.
Al: I've just not done anything with sunflowers yet because I just I wasn't in the right headspace to learn a new plant yet.
Codey: Yeah, that's that's where I hit once I once I unlocked functions and variables and I saw that cactus was the next thing. I was like, I...
Codey: And I think that's that's probably the downfall of this game is it is a game, but it is also not a game.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: It is not, it is pleasing.
Codey: It is not relaxing.
Codey: I'm sure for some people it would be relaxing, but for me, it is very, like, I have to stay focussed and trying.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: It's like a puzzle to solve that is that I get frustrated with is do you have a road done?
Al: Oh, no, no, no, yeah.
Codey: That sweet baby angel, that poor drone.
Al: No, yeah.
Codey: Uh, while.
Al: Oh, I think the bottom room?
Al: Oh, no, there's still 2 out of order in the bottom room.
Al: But the problem is because it's doing the entire grid every time, right?
Al: So it has to go all the way down to the bottom before it then sorts things once.
Codey: So if you have 16, is it, do you have any that are 9?
Codey: Uh, like 9 cactus, uh, size?
Al: Name what?
Al: Size.
Al: Probably, yeah, but I'm not, let's have a look, because you hover over.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: You just have her over it, yeah.
Al: Yeah, there's that one's nice.
Al: Yeah, there's a few nines.
Codey: Okay.
Al: So is it 0 to 9 then?
Al: Is that the sizing or is it one to?
Codey: I think it's one to, uh, let me.
Al: No, it's 0
Al: Yeah, 0 to nine.
Al: I don't know what a cactus of size 0 would actually be in real life.
Al: That definitely doesn't look size.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: It is always one of these numbers, 0 through 9.
Codey: And you can measure it.
Codey: So yeah, I mean, measuring it is very similar to the, I think the sunflowers would be easier.
Al: Yes.
Al: They're the same sort of concept though, like you're checking the size and then you're sort.
Codey: Where you measure it and then, but then you don't, you don't have to, you don't have to.
Al: yeah.
Al: You don't sort them, but yeah, you have to, you have to go through and sort, uh, harvest the biggest one and then, so you're tracking which one is biggest and then going back to that one and harvesting it and then doing the same thing again.
Codey: No.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So it's a similar sort of concept, but obviously more, right?
Al: This is the thing about all of these is they're getting more and more complex as you upgrade and unlock more things.
Al: Um
Codey: I like the visual that it gives, though, that like, because it does make some pretty abstract concepts accessible because of the visual array.
Al: Mm-hmm.
Al: Yeah, we have 5 sorted rows now.
Codey: Oh, okay.
Codey: Okay.
Al: The next ones are going to take a long time, though.
Codey: Wom, wom.
Codey: Uh, we have neglected to talk about the coolest part, which is the hats.
Al: Um...
Al: Oh yes, yes.
Al: Your drone wears a hat and you can get different hats.
Al: What hat are you wearing just now?
Codey: The farmer hat.
Al: Uh, what was that when you, is that brown hat?
Codey: Uh.
Al: Is that what that one's called?
Al: Or is it called something?
Codey: I don't know if I can like look at
Al: Do you not just did you not just say it in the code?
Codey: Oh, it's I mean, it's gone.
Codey: I did it forever ago.
Al: I have I actually have it set every run because I am.
Al: At the beginning of all my code, I just have a wild loop that waits until the grass is able to harvest the 1st time. And because there is no no-op in the game, as far as I'm aware, I just have it setting the hat.
Al: So I just have that as my essent on the WAP, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Because it's just while this isn't ready to harvest, put the hat that you currently have on on.
Al: This is essentially I know up, right?
Al: Uh, so that's why I have I have the brown hat.
Codey: Okay.
Al: But I have so many that I could use now because I've got cactus, carrot, dinosaur, gold, pumpkin, purple, traffic cone.
Codey: I think.
Codey: I'm wondering, how do you see which ones you have?
Al: So see if you go, if you type in change hat, changer, just score hat, brackets, hats dot.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: It'll come up with an auto-completion that lists all the ones you currently have access to.
Codey: Oh.
Codey: Okay, let me pull up my other editor.
Codey: Change.
Codey: I also like that it will like start automatically filling it in for you.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Yes, the code completion is nice.
Codey: Brown carrot.
Al: It's a it's a pretty nice IDE, but still quite simple in some ways.
Al: The other thing, I guess, to talk about is you can technically use any editor, you can integrate it into any editor.
Al: So if you're a a person who likes to edit in a specific IDE, you can do that and then just import things in, which is fun.
Codey: The purple hat is not very purple.
Al: Oh, sad.
Al: But in this, I'm not, I'm not suggesting people do this, but what I was really interested in just as a theoretical thing is how well, uh, something like Claude or GitHub copilot would do it, doing something here, uh, I haven't done anything with that because it feels completely unnecessary for what this is.
Al: I just think it's a fun idea, like how well would an AI do at writing code for this?
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Yeah, messing with my hats and another editor now.
Codey: Um, I thought that I had changed my hat, but I guess I just had the basic hat because it was just the straw hat, which was the 1st hat you're ever given, I think.
Al: Mhm.
Al: Oh, straw hat then, right?
Al: okay
Al: I had brown hat, but that's just because I haven't upgraded it to one of the other ones.
Codey: The brown hat looks like a cowboy hat.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Um, there's a few other things that we could talk about.
Al: We could talk about watering, which is kind of like you get water as time goes on, and then you can use water and it speeds up the growing.
Al: There's fertiliser, which is almost the same in that you get fertiliser over time and then you use it and it speeds up the growing, but this is where things get complicated.
Al: If you fertilise something, it becomes, oh, what was the word it used?
Al: fertiliser, you're it becomes infected.
Al: If a plant is infected, half of its yield is turned into weird substance when it's harvested.
Codey: Mm, mm, mm.
Codey: Yep.
Al: Weird substance can also be used on plants which has the effect of toggling the infected status of the plant and all adjacent plants.
Al: So if you call use itemitems.weird substance on an infected plant, it will cure it, but if you use it on a healthy plant, it will infect it.
Al: If you use it on an infected plant that has healthy neighbours, it will cure the plant but infect the neighbours and vice versa.
Al: And I initially went, this is way too complicated.
Al: I don't see any advantages.
Al: Oh, there we go.
Al: It just finished it finished the sorting and harvested.
Codey: Yay.
Al: Um, I don't see any real upside to this.
Al: I'm just not going to not bother using fertiliser.
Al: And so I was like, I'm just not going to bother doing it until I realised that you need weird substance to unlock mazes.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And so I then started using the fertiliser just to get the weird substance.
Al: Mazes are... If you use weird substance on a bush, it will create a maze and then you have pathfinding algorithm you have to implement to get treasure in the middle or somewhere in the maze.
Al: Again, there's like a standard pathfinding algorithm you can use that is not the most efficient, but will get the job done all the time, which is just what I did in that situation because that's fine.
Al: That's the only way to get money is the mazes.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: You get money in the middle in somewhere in the maze.
Al: I don't think we need to talk about any more of the details.
Al: I feel like we, you know, we're getting into the depths of specifics unless there's anything else you want to call out.
Codey: Uh, no, I think that's pretty much it.
Codey: Um, yeah.
Al: The other thing, the one other thing I want to talk about then is on the website for the farmers replace, they actually have a bunch of exact code examples, if you get really stuck with something, they have more than what's in the hints.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So they have like, here is a assorting algorithm for cacti, for example, they have that on there.
Al: Which I just think is fun because it's like, obviously the point, this is clearly been written to try and get people into coding.
Al: And so they have they encourage you to do as much as you can, but then they also give you possible answers if you wanted to be able to do that, which I think is.
Codey: Yeah, sorry, I'm trying to figure out how to make it.
Codey: Trying to figure out how to like, because I just upgraded.
Codey: I'm now this at the 16 by 16 and I'm trying to figure out like, because my, uh, if you're in this why in this uh, row does not really work anymore for a lot of the stuff because it's like, oh, if if you're above row six, then you just uh, do all of it.
Al: Oh, nice.
Codey: And so then I have a lot of pumpkins on top and that's not what I'm wanting. So I'm trying to say like if it's between 4 through 12, do a carrot, but I can't figure.
Al: Ah.
Al: Mm-hmm.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I'm like trying to figure that out right now.
Al: Uh, so you can do and in the F statement.
Al: So if greater than 3 and less than 8 or whatever, I can't remember the exact numbers you used, but yeah, so the and keyword is your friend there.
Codey: Less than?
Codey: Okay, cool.
Codey: Thank you.
Codey: Uh.
Al: Let me check if that, no, is it in the operators?
Codey: That is not a valid expression.
Al: It is in the operators.
Codey: Oh, I probably have to say get pause.
Al: You have to say, so like why, F, Y, greater than 3 and Y, less than 4 or whatever, rather than, I know, those are stupid, those contradict each other.
Codey: Okay.
Al: That's not the point.
Al: So you can't just put and less than you have to put and Y less than number as well.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: But yeah, if you want examples of it, you can look in the operator's documentation.
Codey: Yep, I was trying to figure that out because I do that in R when I'm filtering things.
Codey: I'm like, you use the anyway.
Al: Right.
Codey: Figure that out though.
Codey: No, uh, I am not sure how entertaining this is as a podcast for people, but, like, I think the takeaway is that you can definitely, even if you know how to use code because, like, I wasn't a novice to coding, you do learn things.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: There is knowledge to be gained here, there, and like, I'm still aware of the fact that I could improve, um, the code that I have, um, and if that's something, like, if I, you know, now that I have the 16 by 16, if I was like, man, I don't really want to do cactuses yet, I'm going to improve my pumpkin thing.
Codey: Then I can just like do that instead, which is really nice.
Al: Yeah, I agree.
Al: I think if you have any interest in programming and or farming games, I think this is a fun game to play.
Al: I wouldn't expect that anybody would spend like hours and hours and hours and hours in it unless you're brand new and you really want to get really good at programming and this for some reason is the one thing that gets you into it.
Al: Um
Codey: I definitely, I think that it could help.
Codey: I, you know, in my jobless state, um, if you need your bugs identified, hire me.
Codey: Um, I was thinking about how I could, like, do data science, like biological data science or something, and that's something that I could get that I could then move around.
Codey: Um, and like do remotely.
Codey: So if we do end up going somewhere else, or it's something I could do like on the side, but then also do bugs.
Codey: Like, I'm not going to get rid of bugs, but if bugs currently cannot pay me for a while.
Codey: Um, it would be something, they don't have money and the universe, well, the current leaders of the world do not value bugs.
Al: Bugs don't have money.
Codey: So, um, like this is something that I could do, like the coding.
Codey: So if that's, if you're, if it's something that you're interested in and you struggle with the visualisation, like I do, this will at least get you to understand the concepts in a way that might be more, um, approachable to you, because it definitely is for me.
Al: Yeah, agreed.
Al: All right.
Al: I think we're done then.
Al: Thank you, Cody, for joining me for this fun programming podcast, apparently.
Codey: Uh, I'm trying to think of pro, uh, pro cottage programme, cottage game.
Al: Mm.
Codey: I don't know.
Al: Is there anything you would like to tell the audience that isn't a pun that accidentally turns into a word you don't want to say?
Codey: Oh.
Codey: Um... Stay in school?
Codey: I don't know.
Codey: Uh, no, just uh, if you are interested in learning about bugs or something, hit me up.
Codey: If you are reading more books lately, hit me up.
Codey: I currently reading yesteryear.
Codey: which is about the TRAD wife that gets sent back to the 1850s.
Codey: Um, very interesting, though there's a twist, I guess, and I'm getting, I'm about to get to the twist.
Codey: So excited about that.
Codey: Um, yeah.
Codey: I mean, I'm just kind of available at this point.
Codey: I mean, I'm writing, but, oh, one thing I will tell the kids, the kids out there, if you're, uh, ADHD stimulant is not working, get a different one because my goodness.
Codey: I went from like, I would hyperfixate on a game.
Codey: And it was more just out of boredom.
Codey: Like I was bored and I didn't want to work and I would just keep procrastinating, but I like, there's that, like, I do want to work, but I have exec, like, executively, my brain is like, ah, and so I would just like get sucked into like a game or something else, and then suddenly it would be like the afternoon.
Codey: Now I can only do something for like a half an hour before I'm like, hmm, I should probably get some work done.
Codey: And it's working with writing too, which is lovely because I hate writing.
Codey: Um, so yeah.
Codey: 10 out of 10, right?
Al: All right, you can find the podcast on Tumblr and on Twitter.
Al: Nope, on Tumblr and on Blue Sky at THS Pod.
Al: You can send us feedback from our website, Harveyseason.club.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Tell us what is your favourite?
Codey: Programme.
Al: Wow, I was going to say programming operation.
Codey: Oh.
Al: Like make it weirder.
Al: No programming language.
Al: Nobody actually has a favourite programming language.
Al: They have a least unfavorite.
Codey: I don't know, Jeff, Jeff had some fun ones he was like.
Al: Yeah, he's just not used to them yet.
Al: He'll hate them soon.
Codey: Well, he was learning them for fun, like, on his own.
Al: You'll hate them soon enough.
Al: Every every programming language is terrible in its own special.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: You can also find on our website how all our links to everything to do with the podcast, including our link to our page-rampage.com slash THS pod, where you can support the podcast, get access to our bonus episodes of the podcast, and get access to our Slack, where you can see some sneak peaks for things, and what have we been talking about?
Al: Oh, just people enjoying that I was happy about Lil Rocket Lab.
Al: That's this week's chat.
Al: Yep.
Codey: Yep, sorry.
Al: No, that's fine.
Codey: I am not sure.
Al: I think.
Codey: Not sure why this isn't growing carrots.
Al: Okay, that's everything.
Al: Thank you, Cody, again for joining me.
Codey: I figured it out.
Codey: Thank you all for having me.
Al: Thank you listeners for listening and until next time, have a good harvest.
Codey: Good Harvard.
Al: Woo.
Theme Tune: The harvest season is created by Al McKinley, with support from our patrons, including our pro farmers, Kevin, Stewart, and Elisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Mike the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed in this episode.
Codey: Wait, did did we do the introduction?
Al: To what?
Codey: Did I say my name is Cody?
Al: The podcast.
Codey: And we're here today to talk about cottage core games.
Al: Yes.
Al: Correct.
Codey: And I said, oh, woo.
Codey: The farmer was replaced.